[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
[tense music]
But where are we?
In my laboratory.
-Come on.
-Where?
To a world where you and I
will be safe… forever.
-See you in a minute, honey.
-Alright, dad.
[dramatic music]
[Aelita] Daddy? Daddy, where are you?
[Waldo] Here I am, Aelita.
Daddy!
[Waldo] I can’t materialize myself into
human form yet, as you can, Aelita.
I still have more work to do on Lyoko.
This world needs to develop more.
[Aelita] Daddy, there are some
strange looking creatures over there!
[Waldo] Run, Aelita, run!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita] Daddy!
-[Aelita groans]
[beeping]
-[Mr. Fumet] Aelita!
-Huh?
You know young lady,
most of us go to sleep at night!
[everybody laughing]
I… I’m sorry, Mr. Fumet.
[Mr. Fumet] Scandinavian mythology,
a natural disaster brings about
the end of the Norse gods’ world,
scorching the Earth, before a new,
peaceful world can arise from the ashes,
called Ragnarok!
And roll!
[laughs]
What was that?
Ragnarok… and roll.
[laughs]
It was just a joke, sir.
Very funny, Della Robbia.
And now, would you kindly leave this room?
Is that a joke?
-No, it’s an order!
-[Odd] Oh!
I guess as jokes go, it wasn’t very funny.
So, how was history class?
[Ulrich] Who cares? It’s history now.
[Sissi] Well, Miss Einstein,
better get a good night’s sleep.
A super brain like yours
needs a little shuteye.
And most of us you know,
go to sleep at night!
Of course, you don’t have
that problem, Sissi,
'cause your brains are in your feet.
Isn’t Odd a riot?
Look who’s got the nerve
to talk about my feet.
Especially after what Heidi Klinger
told me about yours.
[laughs]
What did she mean by that?
What’s wrong with my feet?
-Huh?
-Well, to put it tactfully,
when you take your shoes off,
it’s a little bit like… uhm…
Like a pile of very fresh manure that
we just can’t seem to get away from.
-That’s it.
-Oh, come on, you’re nuts!
Well, what do you know?
There’s Heidi. Now we’ll find out.
[Odd] Hey Heidi, is it true my feet
smell a little?
A little?
Just make sure you and your sneakers
don’t come within fifty feet of me!
[all laughing]
[theme music]
This is a disaster!
My reputation as a super stud is at stake!
No girl is gonna want to
go out with a… a--
A walking pool of toxic waste?
[laughs]
Some friend you are, Ulrich!
You could’ve said something, you know…
given me a little hint at least.
It’s hard to talk when you’re holding
your nose, good buddy.
I thought you were trying to be funny.
[Yumi] Don’t worry, Odd.
Modern medicine must have
some kind of cure for it.
-Well, there’s amputation, for example.
-[Yumi laughs]
[everybody laughs]
Start without me. Be right there!
Emily, can I ask you something?
When we went out together,
did you notice that--
That your feet smelled? Better believe it.
Why do you think I kept dousing
myself with perfume?
[groans]
Yolanda, I got a real problem.
It’s awful, I--
Yes, yes, yes, yes, I know.
You suffer from
severe plantar perspiration.
-Say what?
-Your feet smell badly, Odd.
Do you mean to say that everyone
at school knows?
No, there’s… uh…
Well yes, everyone does know.
But don’t worry?
I’ve seen cases that were
a lot worse than yours, Odd.
-[chuckles softly]
-[groans]
What’s more, I know just what to do.
[theme music]
[Waldo] Aelita…
Daddy…
[Waldo] Aelita, I have to make contact
with XANA and persuade him
-that we can live in peace with him.
-Who’s XANA?
[Waldo] A multi-agent computer
program I created.
It has achieved self-awareness
and autonomy,
-and it’s trying to eliminate us now.
-But why, Daddy?
[Aelita] Daddy?
[Waldo] Whatever you do,
don’t leave this tower.
[Aelita] Daddy? Daddy! Daddy!
-Aelita.
-Hum?
Hey, what’s the matter? Is anything wrong?
No I… I was…
I was daydreaming I guess.
Hey guys, no more feet nightmare.
Call me “Odorless Odd”!
How’d you manage that?
You’ll find that out tonight.
It’s a surprise.
-[swallows]
-[indistinct chatter]
Well, I’ll let you kick your foot
problem around a little.
I’ve got a math test.
-[Aelita] Jeremy, do you…
-[Odd chewing]
-Do you think my father’s still alive?
-Hmm?
My father, Franz Hopper.
You think it's possible
to rematerialize him?
No!
What I mean is…
Well, there’s no way to…
But he managed to survive when XANA
captured him the first time.
Why not a second time?
Your father sacrificed himself
for you, Aelita,
and he had to have used whatever little
strength he had left in him
to bring you back to life.
I know, but… but I thought
there might be a hope
that maybe we could find a way.
Impossible.
I checked every inch of Lyoko,
and there isn’t the slightest sign of him.
Aelita, I’ve been working really hard
on a way of getting into
the World Wide Web
so that we can fight XANA,
and you should think the way I think.
I mean, think about the future.
And just forget about my past, huh?
You think it’s easy?
You didn’t spend ten years of your life
as some sort of computer software.
Hmm?
I wish I’d never recovered my memory!
[dramatic music]
[Aelita] Daddy?
Daddy!
I’m coming, daddy!
[gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita] Daddy!
[Waldo] No Aelita,
get back to safety… in the tower!
Hmm…
[Waldo] You possess
the keys to Lyoko, Aelita.
XANA must never get his hands
on them. Do you understand?
[laser blasting]
[Waldo] It’s over, Aelita,
XANA is too powerful.
He's become a threat to all mankind.
I've got to shut down the Supercomputer.
[Aelita] But does that mean we’ll die?
[Waldo] No, but you mustn’t forget me…
ever!
Never forget, Aelita…
[Aelita] Daddy!
[crying]
[Odd] I knew I’d find you here?
You know, our good buddy Einstein
may be a computer whiz,
but diplomatically, he’s… he’s a… a…
-A total lame-o.
-But he really likes you. You know that.
And I really like him too. I just
wish he would understand that…
my father is all that I have
left of my past life.
Odd,
-I have to go to Lyoko. To Sector Five.
-Huh?
I want to try and find
some trace of my father.
Well, that may not be too easy.
You heard what Jeremy said.
He’s not very anxious to help.
So? We don’t need Jeremy, do we?
-Hmm… We?
-Just us. You and me, okay, Odd?
Huh… Hmm…
Hey Ulrich, do you think I was a bit
hard on Aelita?
What do you think?
It wasn’t easy for her to learn
that she was human.
-Better talk to her.
-No.
-[screams]
-You shouldn’t talk to anybody.
Huh?
There is no talk permitted in a library.
Anybody I find talking from now on,
is gonna have
a little conversation with me.
And if you haven’t enough
after our little chat,
you can just walk down the hall
and have a talk with the principal!
[Jim] No talking!
This is awful.
-Aelita must really hate me, huh?
-No she doesn’t.
Hey, I’ll bet that she’s running around
looking for you to make up right now.
[both groan]
[theme music]
-Hey William, did you study hard?
-Yep.
Just ask me anything you want
about American history.
Um… That’s great,
but the test is in math.
Oh-oh!
[computer chirping]
Okay, I’ll launch the procedure
which’ll automatically virtualize us
in the desert sector.
As soon as we materialize, we’ll have
one minute to get in sync
-with the transporter.
-Wow!
You know how to do all that?
Sure. Piece of cake.
[mechanical whirring]
[computer chirping]
[digital whirring]
[scanning]
[beeping]
Oh, no, an activated tower!
In the mountain sector.
Okay, we’re out of here.
We can beat XANA if we act fast.
-Talk plan?
-[nods]
I'm telling you the recipe calls for eggs,
vinegar, whipped cream,
a little wheat germ, and peanuts!
And I’m saying you’ve gotta
use hazel nuts!
-You don’t!
-You do!
[girl] Quiet!
Oh, we’re not, by any chance,
speaking too loud, are we Jim?
I want you out of here immediately!
Now go on, get out of my sight, you hear?
-That was easy.
-[Jim grunts]
Hey, Ulrich,
what was that recipe for anyway?
It sounds totally gross.
[Ulrich] It’s one of Odd’s concoctions.
[mobile vibrates]
Hello.
Are you finished already? Yumi?
Yumi’s on her way.
I can’t seem to reach Aelita.
You think she’s still mad at me?
[theme music]
[panting and groaning]
[Odd] I hope we didn’t miss our bus.
There!
[grunts]
Hey, do you smell that? It’s weird.
-It smells as if Odd has been here.
-Forget it Jeremy.
Odd hasn’t been here since yesterday.
His feet smell, but not 24 hours later!
Still, it’s bizarre.
[Aelita] Let's go.
[computer chirping]
Still nothing from Aelita.
-Or Odd.
-Forget it.
-It looks as if Odd is angry as well.
-'Cause of his smelly feet?
That’s dumb. Odd is losing
his sense of humor.
[Yumi] I hope this isn’t a false alarm.
-I raced through my exam.
-It’s real all right.
I’m sending you and Ulrich in right now.
The others will join you
just as soon as I can hold of them.
[computer chirping]
-Transfer Yumi.
-[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
-[scanning]
-[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[static zapping]
[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Yumi groans]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] Nice one, Jeremy.
You materialized us
in the middle of an air show!
Sorry you guys,
but more surprises are on the way.
XANA's called up his heavy artillery.
I’ll materialize your vehicles.
[Ulrich] Better hurry. Ah…
Look, tarantulas!
[Ulrich] Supersprint!
[groaning]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich] Yah!
[yells and groans]
[grunting]
[lasers blasting]
[computer chirping]
[Ulrich] Huh! It's about time!
[both grunt]
[dialing]
Come on, Aelita,
you’ve moped long enough. Now pick up!
Look, the key! It's up there.
This is almost too easy.
[gasps]
[animal roars]
[animal roaring]
[Aelita] Energy-field.
Laser arrow!
[roaring]
Bizarre.
You'd think they were surprised to see us.
Sorry, we're not disturbing you, are we?
-[lasers blasting]
-[roaring]
-I see the tower.
-[Yumi] So do I,
but I also see a welcoming committee.
-[Yumi] Do you get hold of Odd and Aelita?
-No, not a word. I’ll try again.
[Jeremy] Stay in position for now,
and don’t get devirtualized!
[Yumi] We’ll try.
[grunts and groans]
[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita groans]
[Odd groaning]
[groans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita grunts]
[Odd] Aelita, go!
[grunts]
Huh?
[Jeremy] What is going on around here?
Holosphere system on line.
[beeping]
I don't believe this!
They’re already there the traitors!
[Jeremy] Aelita, Odd, I know you’re there.
For your information,
while you’re out there having a ball,
XANA happens to be attacking.
Ulrich and Yumi are already on the spot.
-What now, Aelita?
-Let’s go.
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd yells]
As soon as you get to the Dome,
I’ll program a vehicle,
and then I’ll open a tunnel.
The activated tower is in the mountain
sector, okay? Now get going!
[Aelita groans]
Look, Odd!
They’re not attacking. It must be a game.
Jeremy, we’ve just spotted some flying
mantas in the south pole of the Dome.
[Aelita through computer] They seem
to be guarding the entrance.
Now that is not a good sign.
Hold on, I’ll check it out.
[digital whirring]
[groans]
Looks like you were right.
XANA's attacking the core of Lyoko!
The tower in the mountain sector
was just a diversion.
[Odd] Okay, we’re on it.
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting]
[lasers blasting]
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts]
Yah!
[gasps]
[Ulrich groans and yells]
Impact!
[grunts]
Your telekinesis thing is really cool.
Ulrich, Yumi, change of plans. Listen up.
Odd and Aelita are in Sector Five.
You’ve gotta get over there.
-They need your help.
-[Ulrich] What? What’s going on?
I’ll tell you all about it later.
Get going!
-[laser blasting]
-Odd, it’s suicide.
You’re kidding. This is a snap, Aelita.
XANA's really outsmarted us.
While he kept us busy
in the mountain sector,
he was free to attack the core of Lyoko.
Yeah, but he didn’t count on two scanner
stowaways already
being in Sector Five.
Fortunately.
[Ulrich] So then, you’re not mad at them?
Not a chance.
In fact, soon as they get here,
they’re each gonna get a big kiss.
[engines revving]
Are you at the extreme edge of the sector?
[Ulrich] Sir, yes sir!
Okay, then I’ll enter the code, "Scipio."
Hmm… These guys
are tough to get a handle on.
You know, you might try throwing
one of your shoes at them.
[Odd] Very funny.
I can do better than that. Laser arrow!
Ah! Odd!
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
[shrieks]
[groans]
[Jeremy] Hurry up, Aelita’s all alone!
And the first shield layer of the core
of Lyoko has just given away.
[gasps]
[Jeremy] Aelita, where are you?
In trouble.
[groaning]
Energy field!
[Mantas squeaking]
-[gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
[Mantas squeaking]
Hang on! Yumi and Ulrich are on their way.
[lasers blasting]
[Mantas squeaking]
[both grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-Yah!
[Mantas squeaking]
[Yumi] Yah!
[grunts]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[Mantas squeaking]
-Supersprint.
-[Ulrich] Yah!
-[Manta shrieks]
Oh, did we miss much of the show?
-No, just the opening act.
-[Creeper shrieks]
[Ulrich] My sabre!
-[explosion]
-[Aelita gasps]
[groans]
[sighs]
Nice one, everybody.
Aelita, you know that you still
have a tower to deactivate,
[through computer]
but if you wanna stop at a terminal
to collect some new data on Franz Hopper…
I mean… if you want to…
Hmm… Yes, why not?
[chuckles softly]
[theme music]
Okay then,
so what’s the miracle cure
that Yolanda gave you?
Hold on. I did tell you it was a surprise.
Now close your eyes, Ulrich.
I’d rather close my nose, I think.
Ugh!
-What’s that foul odor?
-[dog crying]
It's a cream. Pretty effective, huh?
Now my feet don’t smell at all.
That’s because the stench of that cream
is so horribly strong!
Ugh!
Help! Open a window or I’ll die!
Some guys are never satisfied.
Any luck?
No, nothing.
-Hold on a second. What’s that?
-What have you found?
A fragment of a DNA code sequence
that belongs to… Franz Hopper.
You were right, Aelita.
My father might still be alive
somewhere on Lyoko!
[theme music]